add notebook for retrieving constants (#72)
MeteoSwiss/opendata-nwp-demos: README.md

- [**05_interpolate_vertically.ipynb**](05_interpolate_vertically.ipynb) — Retrieve temperature forecasts as an Xarray object and perform two types of vertical interpolation: from model levels to pressure levels, and from model levels to a target altitude.
- [**06_calculate_global_rad_flux.ipynb**](06_calculate_global_rad_flux.ipynb) — Retrieve direct and diffuse shortwave radiation fluxes from ICON-CH1-EPS forecasts and compute the **Global Radiation Flux** (`GLOB`) using [meteodata-lab](https://meteoswiss.github.io/meteodata-lab/). Includes a de-aggregation step to convert cumulative flux values into hourly averages.
- [**07_where_will_it_rain_next_24h.ipynb**](07_where_will_it_rain_next_24h.ipynb) — Visualize the probability of precipitation over Switzerland for the next 24 hours using ICON-CH1-EPS ensembles.
- [**08_where_will_the_sun_shine.ipynb**](08_where_will_the_sun_shine.ipynb) — Use ICON-CH2-EPS forecasts to map the probability of experiencing over 6 hours of sunshine on the **day after tomorrow**.

> - [**09_constant_parameters.ipynb**](09_constant_parameters.ipynb) — Retrieve constants such as grid information, and verify that it matches with forecast parameters.

Reviewer: we could be a bit more specific than grid information, the users might rather be interested in `surface descriptors`. I tried also rename a bit `constants` because they not really constant...
```suggestion
- [**09_constant_parameters.ipynb**](09_constant_parameters.ipynb) — Retrieve constant run parameters such as grid definition, vertical layers, and surface descriptors, and check that they match the forecast parameters.
```

Author: similarly adjusted the notebook in d813afb4ee6fff52c2e71d3d552eeecc0a6e74ba

> - [**09_constant_parameters.ipynb**](09_constant_parameters.ipynb) — Retrieve constant run parameters such as grid definition, vertical layers, and surface descriptors, and check that they match the forecast parameters. Includes plotting a vertical profile and grouping by surface height.

Reviewer: I'm not so sure a user would get what "matching the forecast parameters" means, "verify grid consistency with a forecast parameter from ICON-CH2-EPS" that you used in the notebook is easier to understand
